Präposition/Kontraktion,Recipient,Verb
für,eine Prüfung,lernen
,Gymnastik,machen
,[Ort],nachfahren
zum,Arzt,gehen
,eine E-Mail,schreiben
mit,[Person],telefonieren
,eine Besprechung,haben
,Pause,machen
ins,Museum,gehen
,der Unterricht,beginnen
,die Pause,sein
,Fußball,spielen
,die Pause,dauern
,die Besprechung,dauern
ins,Restaurant,gehen
in,ein Restaurant,gehen
,ein Projekt,präsentieren
,ein Konferenz,besuchen
in,die Universität,gehen
in,der Bibliothek,sitzen
,[Person],anrufen
ins,Bett,gehen
in,der Stadt,einkaufen
,Gäste,bedienen
,[Ort],besuchen
,Patienten,untersuchen
,Sport,treiben
,Partys,feiern
mit,[Person],sprechen
im,Supermarkt,einkaufen
um,[Zeit],aufstehen
mit,der Arbeit,beginnen
mit,dem Kurs,anfangen
,Hunger,haben
ins,Büro,fahren
zum,Beispiel,
,Glas Wien,
,,schwimmen lernen
,Stück Kuchen,
,Glas Milch,
am,[Wochentag],
um,[Zeit],
nach,[etwas],schmecken
im,Jahr,
in,[Land],
,[etwas],gehen essen
in,die Uni,fahren
,Kaffee,kochen
,Urlaub,haben
,Urlaub,haben
im,Fitnessstudio,sein
einen,Vortrag,halten
mit,[Person],trinken gehen
ins,Kino,gehen
ins,Fitnessstudio,gehen
aus,dem Ausland,sein
auf,[etwas],hinweisen
,Freunde,finden
mit,[Person],diskutieren
auf,Parys,gehen
zu,Haus,lernen
in,der Bibliothek,lernen
in,der Bibliothek,sein
beim,[etwas],arbeiten
,ein Zimmer,suchen
,eine gute Note,bekommen
,[Person],besuchen
,Studiengebühren,bezahlen
,das Studium,abschließen
,Urlaub,haben
